feat: update git related messages for runs and debug (#26758)
cypress-io/cypress: cli/CHANGELOG.md

_Released 05/23/2023 (PENDING)_

**Features:**

> - Add Git related messages for the Runs and Debug Page when users aren't using Git or their are no recorded runs for the current branch. Fixes [#26680](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/26680).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add Git-related messages for the [Runs page](https://docs.cypress.io/guides/core-concepts/cypress-app#Runs) and [Debug page](https://docs.cypress.io/guides/cloud/runs#Debug) when users aren't using Git or there are no recorded runs for the current branch. Fixes [#26680](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/26680).
```
